SPA QS backlinks to Dev Center (#10194)
auth0/docs: articles/quickstart/spa/angular/interactive.md

  path: Sample-01
---

:::note

> For a deep dive into implementing user authentication in Angular, visit the [Angular Authentication By Example](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/angular/basic-authentication). This guide provides information for additional tasks, like creating a signup button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the [Angular Authentication By Example](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/angular/basic-authentication) guide for a deep dive into implementing user authentication in Angular. This guide provides additional details on how to create a sign-up button, add route guards, and call a protected API from Angular.
```

> :::

Reviewer 2: Should we add this in the non-interactive version as well?

Author: Yes, I'm still wondering where the best place to add it would be. Dan requested the notes be moved to the top of the page. A good place is before content starts or right after the intro before the TOC.
